oh hey there today you're going on
around the world trip
and even though phineas fogg was able to
make this trip in 80 days
you know like in the jules verne book i
can't promise you will return
safely the fact is that the world is now
chock full of unknown anomalies
they used to be observed only in the
bermuda triangle
but now they're found everywhere
we start the journey from new york and
our first destination is los angeles
the best way to get there is by plane
but while even an
ordinary plane is designed to withstand
severe storms
yours is special your very own
iron eagle has a reinforced hull an
enlarged fuel tank
and a rescue capsule that will ensure
your survival in an emergency
okay you take off into clear sky white
clouds bright sun and no turbulence at
all
but suddenly this piece is shattered by
strong winds
black clouds and bolts of lightning one
cloud looks especially sinister
it seems to be alive and growing in size
you have no choice but to fly through it
you take a deep breath
as soon as you fly in there everything
plunges into absolute darkness
you can only see white flashes they
brightly illuminate black clouds for a
couple of moments
but are nothing like lightning the
turbulence is increasing
and you can hardly hold the controls on
your hands
suddenly the cloud begins to change its
shape
it gradually forms some kind of tunnel
and you fly
dead center of this ring but now the
tunnel walls begin to close down on you
the only way out is to fly to the light
at the end of the tunnel
so you increase thrust and focus
all the electronics of the plane are
squeaking and warning of the danger
the engine is at its limit you're
sweating from tension
the walls of the tunnel almost touch the
wings of the plane
and you did it you left this dark cloud
just
at the very last moment ah you can
exhale with relief now you're in a dense
gray fog
you don't see a gap in it for miles
around
your radar is malfunctioning and can't
show you where you are
it's time to contact ground control and
determine your location
and when you hear the ground controls
reply
your eyes become like bowling balls in
surprise
turns out you're already in los angeles
airspace
what but this is just impossible usually
this trip takes about five
hours but now you've traveled about 2500
miles
twice as fast to understand this
we need to open an encyclopedia of
bermuda anomalies
it's quite popular among travelers today
you flick through to the chapter of time
travel
and here it is in december 1970
experienced pilot bruce gernon fell into
a similar anomaly in the bermuda
triangle
he managed to survive and shared his
experience
scientists were able to explain most of
the strange events he saw
but the journey through time is still a
mystery
and now there's a lot of these sky
tunnels around the world
well this anomaly seems even useful
you've saved quite some time and fuel
it's time to land the plane
change transport and head to your next
destination
japan this time you'll be traveling by
ship
a voyage through the pacific ocean
should be calm and peaceful
and you'll be able to rest after a
difficult flight
in a couple of weeks the captain of the
ship comes down from the bridge
and reports a terrible fact
you're lost at sea the passengers are
shocked
some people start shouting at the
captain accusing him of
incompetence in response he shows a
compass that was supposed to help him in
navigation
the device has gone crazy his hand is
spinning like the second hand of a watch
suddenly a thought occurs to you you
must have entered another anomalous area
the devil's sea this is as mystical a
place as the bermuda triangle
and it's marked with a red dot in your
anomaly encyclopedia between
1950 and 1954 many ships and hundreds of
crew members were lost there without a
trace
in 1955 japan sent its research ship
kaio maru number 5 here to find the
cause of the disappearances
unfortunately that ship also went
missing without a trace
but now you know there's a geomagnetic
anomaly in this place
which drives all compasses crazy this is
because of high metal content in the
ground underwater
the magnetic compass arrow is very
sensitive to such things
so you take the situation into your own
hands
and suggest you use other navigation
methods
neither radio nor satellite navigation
works either
so you raise your eyes to the sky and
just
watch the sun the sunset is to the west
and it's exactly the direction you need
pretty soon you finally step on solid
ground
welcome to japan a couple of souvenirs
and on to the airport this time you're
heading to the east coast of
india the flight is going fine no
turbulence or malfunction of the plane's
tools you observe the night sky through
the window
and suddenly see a strange light it's
small and moving
up and down other passengers don't even
pay attention to it
for them it's a common thing when you
open your encyclopedia
you quickly learn that the first person
who described this anomaly
was christopher columbus he said it was
like a candle moving upwards
he also wrote that a flame suddenly
burst out in the sea
it all happened just as he was sailing
through the bermuda triangle area
on his first journey to the new world
but now
these lights are a common sight around
the planet
in india you buy a ticket for a cruise
liner that goes to florida
this route is popular among tourists as
it goes through many
interesting anomalies it's more of
sightseeing now
the first of them is a ghost ship the
hunt for it lasted for weeks
each time the cruise ship got close to
the ghost a thick
fog fell on the water tourists stood on
viewing platforms and looked for the
mast of the ship in the distance
but it appeared and disappeared like a
shark fin
finally you managed to get closer to the
ship but everyone is asked to stay on
board the liner and not attempt to come
aboard the ghost ship
all tourists know the sad story of when
this ghost was first found
in 1880 the ellen austin found a
drifting schooner in thick fog
the captain sent a few people to scout
there they found a lot of valuable cargo
and personal belongings of the crew but
there was no
trace of other people it looked as if
the entire crew of the ghost ship
simply disappeared the captain of the
ellen austin decided to tow the ghost to
the port to sell its cargo
but as soon as they started their voyage
a strong storm
divided the ships and the ghost
disappeared
the crew spent several days looking for
it they managed to find the scooter
again
but the prize crew on it was gone just
like the original crew of the ghost ship
so you continue your journey and after a
while
you enter the most mysterious place on
the planet
the bermuda triangle itself this zone is
considered the birthplace of all
anomalies
all the tourists gather on one side of
the ship the place they're looking at is
like a giant bubble bath
the captain of the ship makes an
announcement any kind of open fire
is strictly prohibited here this anomaly
is in fact
a source of natural gas methane bubbles
burst out of the earth's crust
and rise to the top these deposits are
responsible for the loss of many ships
of course if you light a match next to
such bubbles
well kaboom the last stretch of the
journey from florida to new york
will be very intense there are extreme
weather changes in this area
for the moment the sun is shining and
there is no wind at all
but in a second there's a sudden strong
storm
lightning strikes literally every second
and the sky is completely
covered with black clouds and in another
minute
the sun's rays disperse the clouds and
the storm ends
this is another anomaly caused by the
gulf stream current
huge masses of warm air meet with colder
ones
this provokes instant weather changes
and violent storms
many sailors and pilots were not ready
for such conditions
and this led to entire ships and crews
disappearing
without a trace but now when these
anomalies are everywhere
they're well studied and shouldn't be
feared you get home safe and sound
and you can boast that you have
experienced the most brutal anomalies of
the bermuda triangle
but please can you lose the bermuda
shorts
it's just too much